(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
NARRATOR:  The Lion Guard.
Dragon Island.
Almost there! Anga said
the next moja kwa moja stone
is just over this hill.
Kion, wait.
Do you hear that?
(WAVES SPLASHING)
That you, Big B?
I don't think so.
Sounds like growling leopards!
Whatever it is,
it's coming from
over the hill.
Anga! What's making
that sound?
It's a, uh...
Come on! You'll see.
Poa!
See.
FULI: Yeah.
That's the most water
I've ever seen.
That's the loudest water
I've ever heard.
All I can see is
a whole lot of blue.
But it sounds like
we're looking at an ocean.
Oh! The ocean!
I saw this
the last time I went to
the Tree of Life.
Anga, please tell me
the next moja kwa moja stone
isn't in the middle
of the ocean.
Nope. It's out there.
On top of that hill.
Great. It's not that far.
Let's go!
Okay, but first...
Zuka zama!
(THUDS)
(GRUNTS)
Huh? Where'd the water go?
(WAVES SPLASHING)
Whoa... (GURGLING)
KION: Bunga!
BESHTE: Oh, no! Little B!
Bunga! See if you can...
BUNGA: Hoo-hoo-ha!
(DOLPHIN CHITTERING)
Whoa!
What? What d'you see?
Bunga made a fish friend!
Hang on. I'll get you
back to shore. (CLICKING)
Those clicks
sound like a dolphin.
Actually, not a fish.
Common knowledge, really.
(CLICKING)
This is un-Bunga-lievable!
Whoa! (LAUGHS)
(GRUNTS) Best day ever!
(LAUGHS) That was fun.
Who's next?
Hi, I'm Beshte!
I've never met
a dolphin before!
I'm Lumba-Lumba!
And I've never met
a Beshte before!
(LAUGHS)
Us hippos love water.
But I've never been
to the ocean before.
What's it like in there?
Oh, it's beautiful.
Ever wish you had feet?
Nope. I don't need feet
to do this!
ALL: Whoa!
(LAUGHS)
I was born to swim.
I love it!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Water is where I belong
♪ Yes, this is home to me
♪ No need for any legs or feet
♪ To go swimming in the sea
♪ I'm gonna giggle and laugh
♪ Frolic and play
♪ Swim all around
Swish, splash ans spray
♪ And it's so much fun
♪ To live for today
♪ Everyone in the ocean knows
♪ That's the dolphin way
♪ Diving under waves is fun
♪ But I don't
stay down there
♪ 'Cause you see
I'm not a fish
♪ Like you
I got to breathe air
♪ I'm gonna giggle and laugh
♪ Frolic and play
♪ Swim all around
Swish, splash ans spray
♪ And it's so much fun
to live for today
♪ Everyone in
the ocean knows
♪ That's the dolphin way
♪ Ooh...
♪ Swimming all around
here in the ocean
♪ Here in the ocean
♪ I live a life
that's constantly in motion
♪ I'm gonna giggle and laugh
♪ Frolic and play
♪ Swim all around
Swish, splash ans spray
♪ And it's so much fun
♪ To live for today
♪ Everyone in the ocean knows
♪ That's the dolphin way
♪ Oh, yeah!
♪ That's the dolphin way ♪
Whoa! That was poa!
Yeah. And thank you,
for helping Bunga.
But we've gotta go now.
Bye, Lumba-Lumba!
Nice to meet you!
Bye, Beshte. (CHITTERS)
(LAUGHS)
Makini? There's a patch
of Tuliza plants
just beyond those trees.
Aw, thanks, Anga!
Good thing
you found some, too.
I'm all out.
(GRUNTS)
Hold up, folks.
You're headed the wrong way.
KION: I think we know
where we're going.
You ain't from around
these parts, are ya?
No, but...
'Cause if you were,
you'd know,
on that spit o' land,
there be dragons!
Dragons? Really?
I don't remember any dragons
the last time I was here.
That's because there's
no such thing as dragons.
Anga, did you
see any dragons?
Don't know
what they look like.
They don't look like anything,
because they're not real.
You sure?
'Cause I would love to ride
a dragon and a dolphin
on the same day!
Oh!
You won't ride these dragons.
They'll whip you
with their tails.
And if they bite you,
well... (GRUNTS)
That's the end of that.
Thanks, but we'll take
our chances.
Come on, everybody.
Let's go.
Don't say I didn't warn ya!
You okay, Kion?
Feels like we've been delayed
a lot today.
I just want to find
the next moja kwa moja stone
and move on.
Oh! There's the Tuliza patch
up in the hill.
I'll pick some.
(SIGHS) Okay.
But make it quick.
Um, Kion.
Is that what
a dragon looks like?
(SNARLING)
What? What is it?
I don't know.
But whatever it is,
it's big.
Maybe it's nice.
You shouldn't have come here.
But now that you have,
I should warn you,
I like to play
with my food.
Yeah, not so nice.
(HISSING)
(GASPS) Hapana!
It is a dragon!
A Komodo dragon!
(SNARLS)
(GRUNTS)
MAKINI: Okay.
I got the Tuliz... (SCREAMS)
What's that?
(SNARLS)
Komodo dragon.
So, now dragons are real?
I'm real all right. (HISSES)
He's not really a dragon.
He's a big lizard.
But he is dangerous.
Komodo dragons have venom
in their bites.
Venom? Ha!
Leave this guy to me!
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
Bring it, dragon.
Your bite doesn't scare me.
(HISSING) Well, it should.
(SNARLING)
Hey, dragon. You've got
a little something...
(THUDS)
(GRUNTS)
(WHOOPS)
Nope. Try again!
Bunga? You've got company.
Huh! What do you know?
There's more one of them.
Ora! Have you found us
some lunch?
Yes, my friends.
And perhaps dinner, too.
(ALL HISSING)
We don't have time for this.
Bunga, get back here!
You're gonna get it now.
You have nothing
I haven't seen before.
That's what you think.
(ROARS)
Kion.
Kion, stop!
Wow! That was a big one.
Kion, are you okay?
Uh... Yeah, I guess.
You sure roared
those dragons away.
You roared everything away.
Even the water.
You kinda lost control again.
Yeah. I guess I did.
Don't worry, Kion.
There's still some
Tuliza left, and...
(FAINT GRUMBLING)
(GASPS) The water's
coming back!
(ALL GASP)
It's a tidal wave!
Run! Run!
(WAVES SPLASHING)
Whoa!
Thanks, Anga!
Yup.
(EFFORT GRUNTING)
Keep swimming.
(PANTING) I'm trying!
(GASPS)
Hang on, Fuli. I got you.
This is fun.
(WAVES CRASHING)
(ALL PANTING)
Thanks, Beshte.
Water... is... not... my...
(GRUNTING) Friend!
That was some ride!
Heyvi kabisa.
I can't believe my roar
did all this.
That's not all it did.
Remember that land bridge
you walked over to get here?
It's gone!
You mean we're now stuck
on an island that I created?
Yup.
(SIGHS) I think I need
some Tuliza. Makini?
I, uh...
I dropped what I had.
But I can pick more.
Or, maybe not.
There's gotta be some more
around here somewhere.
LUMBA-LUMBA: (CLICKING)
Is anybody out there?
Hello?
That sounds like Lumba-Lumba.
But it doesn't sound like
it's coming from the ocean!
Help! Somebody!
There she is!
(CLICKING)
The tidal wave must've
carried her ashore.
Oh, no!
Beshte.
Oh, I'm so glad to see you.
Can you help me get back
in the water?
Don'y worry, Lumba-Lumba.
We'd be happy to help.
Kion, what should we do?
Well, we could...
No, that won't work.
Maybe if Bunga and Ono...
(SIGHS)
That won't work either.
Kion?
This is all my fault.
I lost control of the roar,
and now, look...
It was a mistake, Kion.
What matters now is that
everyone gets help.
And that includes you.
You're right.
Thanks, Fuli.
Mind taking charge
'til I feel better?
Anga, lead Ono and Makini
to the moja kwa moja stone.
See if you can
find more Tuliza, too.
Got it.
Affirmative.
We'll be back with Tuliza
as soon as we can.
Thanks, Makini.
Now. How are we going to get
Lumba-Lumba back to the water?
Easy. We can just drag her.
No wait!
Whoa!
(THUDS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Sorry. It was just a reflex.
But dragging me across
hot sand is going to hurt.
A lot.
Any ideas?
FULI: She's pretty far
from the water.
Yes. But when
the tide comes in,
the water will come closer.
Maybe we can dig a trench,
and bring the water to her.
Great idea, Fuli!
We'll need to get
all this stuff out
of the way!
Uh, I hope you can do it soon.
That sun is really hot.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Us hippos burn pretty quick
in the sun, too.
Hey! Maybe this'll help!
(SIGHS) That's better.
Ooh.
That feels so much better.
Great idea, Bunga!
Wait! I had an idea?
Hard to believe, isn't it?
Twende Kiboko!
Look. Here comes the water.
BOTH: Yes!
(SIGHS)
Don't worry, Kion.
Makini will be back
with some Tuliza soon.
There! That should hold Kion
for a while.
Anga, how far is
the moja kwa moja stone?
Just past
these trees and...
Uh-oh.
Is that another dragon?
Dragon? Where? Where?
Behind those rocks!
Just more rocks.
Oh. Sorry.
Shwari, Ono. Don't worry.
We're safe now.
Kion's Roar got rid
of all those mean dragons.
I hope you're right.
(WAVES CRASHING)
Poa!
Is it really working?
It sure is. You'll be back
in the ocean in no time.
Thank you, all of you,
for all your help.
It's the least we can do.
(WAVES RUSHING)
Here comes another wave.
Oh, it's a big one.
This just might do it.
(SNARLING)
(HISSES)
Whoa! Look who's back!
Who's back?
Is it your friends?
Uh, not really.
(GROWLS) Lunch.
Dolphin. Just the way
I like it.
A little on the pink side.
Don't let him
get to Lumba-Lumba!
He won't get past me.
Hold on, guys. This is a job
for a honey badger.
(KOMODO DRAGONS SNARLING)
Uh, guys? A little help.
I take it back.
This is a job for
three honey badgers.
There it is!
The moja kwa moja stone.
Oh, it's so pretty.
Like a rainbow.
Where do we go next, Ono?
ONO: I see a cliff
with a sunset behind it.
There's a tall tree on top.
Sunset will be that way, so...
I see the cliff,
and the tree.
But unless you can fly,
you can't get there from here.
Oh, right.
'Cause we're stuck
on an island now.
(KOMODO DRAGONS SNARLING)
What? The dragons are back!
And they're after the dolphin!
Oh, no!
(KOMODO DRAGONS HISSING)
Come on.
Just try and bite me.
I dare ya.
(GRUNTS)
Zuka Zama!
(SNARLING)
Huwezi!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Twende kiboko!
(SCREAMS)
BUNGA: Hey, look!
I'm finally getting
my dragon ride! Hoo-hoo-ha!
(KION GRUNTING)
(SNARLING)
(KION GRUNTS)
(BUNGA LAUGHING)
Get off me, stinky.
(EFFORT GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Bunga, Kion's in trouble.
(SNARLING)
Oh, I got an idea.
Got it.
(GRUNTS)
(KOMODO DRAGON GRUNTS)
Thanks, Lumba-Lumba.
KION: Thanks, Bunga.
(SNARLS)
Whoa!
I got him, Little B.
That's what you think.
(SNAPS)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You should be safe here.
Thanks, Anga.
Ono! Grab some seaweed
and follow me.
Affirmative.
Go, Anga! Go, Ono!
(SNAPS)
Whoa! (GRUNTING)
(SNARLING)
Anga lenga!
Huh?
(GRUNTS)
Hey! Don't talk with
your mouth full...
Of me. (FARTS)
(COUGHING)
Ono, now!
(GRUNTING)
I cannot see.
Did I get him?
Yup.
Twende kiboko!
Kion! Look what we found!
Mmm. Thanks Makini.
Feel better?
Definitely.
Did you find
the mojo kwa moja stone, too?
Yes. But Anga says we need to
get off this island to get
to the next landmark.
Then that's what we'll do.
Kion? How are we gonna
do that?
Leave that to me.
Lion Guard! Lumba-Lumba!
We're getting outta here.
Ooh, yeah! Here we go!
(SNARLING)
Uh, Kion? The dragons are
back that way.
(ROARING)
(LAUGHING) Yes!
Thank you!
(CHITTERING)
(ROARING)
Un-Bunga-lievable.
Now, let's go!
You heard him. Let's go!
Huwezi!
Anga, am I seeing
what I think I'm seeing?
Yup.
(KION ROARING)
(ROARING)
They can't get away
that easy.
"Easy"?
Come on.
Get them! Get them!
(ALL PANTING)
Here they come.
(STOPS ROARING)
(PANTING)
Not for long.
That is not good.
(WAVES CRASHING)
That might be your
best Roar ever.
Anga? Ono? You know where
to go from here?
The next moja kwa moja stone
is by a tree on a big cliff.
That way.
Then let's go.
Ah, well?
I was right, weren't I?
Yeah, you were right.
(LAUGHS) Told ya so.
There be dragons on that land.
Not anymore.
Huh?
The Lion Guard got rid of 'em.
See ya.
Beshte, are you okay?
Yeah. I... I just wish
I'd had a chance
to say goodbye to...
(LUMBA-LUMBA CHITTERING)
BESHTE: Lumba-Lumba!
Bye, Beshte. Bye, everybody.
Bye, Lumba-Lumba.
Thanks for saving me.
(GIGGLING)
You know, Big B,
I think she's the nicest
dolphin we've ever met.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah, well,
she's also the only dolphin
we're ever met.
Oh, yeah. That, too.
(WAVES SPLASHING)
(COUGHING)
(SNARLS)
(HISSES)
(GROWLS) Just missed them.
Don't worry.
They haven't gone far.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Name's Makucha.
And I want revenge
on that meddling lion
and his friends.
I like the sound of that.
I am Ora.
We've been watching
you work, Ora.
And we could use
your teeth and tail.
How about it?
You can count me in.